

练习一（阅读理解 · 基础版 UNIT 5 SCIENCE · 原书 p104–108）

【A】
There are many theories about the beginning of drama in ancient Greece. The one most widely accepted
  today is based on the assumption that drama evolved from ritual. The argument for this view goes
  as follows. In the beginning, human beings viewed the natural forces of the world—even the
  seasonal changes—as unpredictable, and they sought through various means to control these unknown
  and feared powers. Those measures which appeared to bring the desired results were then retained
  and repeated until they hardened into fixed rituals. Eventually stories arose which explained or
  veiled the mysteries of the rites. As time passed, some rituals were abandoned, but the stories,
  later called myths, persisted and provided material for art and drama.
Those who believe that drama evolved out of ritual also argue that those rites contained the seed of
  theater because music, dance, masks, and costumes were almost always used. Furthermore, a suitable
  site had to be provided for performances and when the entire community did not participate, a
  clear division was usually made between the "acting area" and the "auditorium". In addition, there
  were performers, and, since considerable importance was attached to avoiding mistakes in the
  enactment of rites, religious leaders usually assumed that task. Wearing masks and costumes, they
  impersonated other people, animals, or supernatural beings, and mimed the desired effect—success
  in hunt or battle, the coming rain, the revival of the sun—as an actor might. Eventually such
  dramatic representations were separated from religious activities.
Another theory traces the theater's origin from the human interest in storytelling. According to
  this view, tales (about the hunt, war, or other feats) are gradually elaborated, at first through
  the use of impersonation, action, and dialogue by a narrator and then through the assumption of
  each of the roles by a different person. A closely related theory traces theater to those dances
  that are primarily rhythmical and gymnastic or that are imitations of animal movements and sounds.

1. What does the passage mainly discuss?
A. The origins of theater.
B. The role of ritual in modern dance.
C. The importance of storytelling.
D. The variety of early religious activities.
答案：A

2. What aspect of drama does the author discuss in the first paragraph?
A. The reason drama is often unpredictable.
B. The seasons in which dramas were performed.
C. The connection between myths and dramatic plots.
D. The importance of costumes in early drama.
答案：C

3. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a common element of theater and ritual?
A. Dance.
B. Costumes.
C. Music.
D. Magic.
答案：D

4. According to the passage, what is the main difference between ritual and drama?
A. Ritual uses music whereas drama does not.
B. Ritual is shorter than drama.
C. Ritual requires fewer performers than drama.
D. Ritual has a religious purpose and drama does not.
答案：D

5. The passage supports which of the following statements?
A. No one really knows how the theater began.
B. Myths are no longer represented dramatically.
C. Storytelling is an important part of dance.
D. Dramatic activities require the use of costumes.
答案：A

【B】
The modern age is an age of electricity. People are so used to electric lights, radio, televisions
  and telephones that it is hard to imagine what life would be like without them. When there is a
  power failure, people grope about in flickering candlelight, cars hesitate in the streets because
  there are no traffic lights to guide them, and food spoils in silent refrigerators. Yet, people
  began to understand how electricity works only a little more than two centuries ago. Nature has
  apparently been experimenting in this field for millions of years. Scientists are discovering more
  and more that the living world may hold many interesting secrets of electricity that could benefit
  humanity.
All living cells send out tiny pulses of electricity. As the heart beats, it sends out pulses of
  record; they form an electrocardiogram, which a doctor can study to determine how well the heart
  is working. The brain, too, sends out brain waves of electricity, which can be recorded in an
  electroencephalogram. The electric currents generated by most living cells are extremely
  small—often so small that sensitive instruments are needed to record them. But in some animals,
  certain muscle cells have become so specialized as electrical generators that they do not work as
  muscle cells at all. When large numbers of these cells are linked together, the effects can be
  astonishing.
[The electric eel is an amazing storage battery. It can send a jolt of as much as eight hundred
  volts of electricity through the water in which it lives. (An electric house current is only one
  hundred twenty volts.) As many as four fifths of all the cells in the electric eel's body are
  specialized for generating electricity, and the strength of the shock it can deliver corresponds
  roughly to the length of its body.]

1. What is the main idea of the passage?
A. Electric eels are potentially dangerous.
B. Biology and electricity appear to be closely related.
C. People would be at a loss without electricity.
D. Scientists still have much to discover about electricity.
答案：B

2. The author mentions all of the following as results of a blackout EXCEPT ____.
A. refrigerated food item may go bad
B. traffic lights do not work
C. people must rely on candlelight
D. elevators and escalators do not function
答案：D

3. Why does the author mention electric eels?
A. To warn the reader to stay away from them.
B. To compare their voltage to that used in houses.
C. To give an example of a living electrical generator.
D. To describe a new source of electrical power.
答案：C

4. How many volts of electricity can an electric eel emit?
A. 800.
B. 600.
C. 200.
D. 120.
答案：A

5. It can be inferred from the passage that the longer an eel is, the ____.
A. more beneficial it will be to science
B. more powerful its electrical charge will be
C. easier it will be to find
D. tougher it will be to eat
答案：B

6. 把上面用方括号 [ ] 标出的那一段译成中文。
The electric eel is an amazing storage battery. It can send a jolt of as much as eight hundred volts
  of electricity through the water in which it lives. (An electric house current is only one hundred
  twenty volts.) As many as four fifths of all the cells in the electric eel's body are specialized
  for generating electricity, and the strength of the shock it can deliver corresponds roughly to
  the length of its body.
参考译文：电鳗是一块不可思议的蓄电池。它能通过自己生活的水域释放出高达八百伏的电击。(家用电流只有一百二十伏。) 电鳗体内多达五分之四的细胞都专门用于发电, 而它能释放的电击强度, 大致与它身体的长度相当。

【C】
Prices determine how resources are to be used. They are also the means by which products and
  services that are in limited supply are rationed among buyers. The price system of the United
  States is a complex network composed of the prices of all the products bought and sold in the
  economy, as well as those of a myriad of services, including labor, professional, transportation,
  and public-utility services. The interrelationships of all these prices make up the "system" of
  prices. The price of any particular product or service is linked to a broad, complicated system of
  prices in which everything seems to depend more or less upon everything else.
[If one were to ask a group of randomly selected individuals to define "price", many would reply
  that price is an amount of money paid by the buyer to the seller of a product or service or, in
  other words, that price is the money value of a product or service as agreed upon in a market
  transaction. This definition is of course, valid as far as it goes.] For a complete understanding
  of a price in any particular transaction, much more than the amount of money involved must be
  known. Both the buyer and the seller should be familiar with not only the money amount, but with
  the amount and quality of the product or service to be exchanged, the time and place at which the
  exchange will take place and payment will be made, the form of money to be used, the credit terms
  and discounts that apply to the transaction, guarantees on the product or service, delivery terms,
  return privileges, and other factors. In other words, both the buyer and the seller should be
  fully aware of all the factors that comprise the total "package" being exchanged for the asked-for
  amount of money in order that they may evaluate a given price.

1. What is the best title for the passage?
A. The Inherent Weaknesses of the Price System
B. The Complexities of the Price System
C. Credit Terms in Transactions
D. Resource Allocation and the Public Sector
答案：B

2. According to the passage, the price system is related primarily to ____.
A. labor and education
B. transportation and insurance
C. utilities and repairs
D. products and services
答案：D

3. According to the passage, which of the four is NOT a factor in the complete understanding of
  price?
A. Instructions that come with a product.
B. The quantity of a product.
C. The quality of a product.
D. Warranties that cover a product.
答案：A

4. In the last sentence of the passage, "they" refers to ____.
A. return privileges
B. all the factors
C. buyer and seller
D. money
答案：C

5. The paragraph following the passage most likely discusses ____.
A. unusual ways to advertise products
B. types of payment plans for service
C. theories about how products affect different levels of society
D. how certain elements of a price "package" influence its market value
答案：D

6. 把上面用方括号 [ ] 标出的那一段译成中文。
If one were to ask a group of randomly selected individuals to define "price", many would reply that
  price is an amount of money paid by the buyer to the seller of a product or service or, in other
  words, that price is the money value of a product or service as agreed upon in a market
  transaction. This definition is of course, valid as far as it goes.
参考译文：如果请一群随机选出的人给"价格"下定义, 很多人会回答说, 价格就是买方为得到某种产品或服务而付给卖方的钱; 换句话说,
  价格就是市场交易中双方商定的产品或服务的货币价值。这个定义就其本身而言当然是对的。

练习二（阅读理解 · 基础版 UNIT 6 MANAGEMENT · 原书 p129–130 · 照片不全）

【B】
A painter hangs his or her finished picture on a wall, and everyone can see it. A composer writes a
  work, but no one can hear it until it is performed. Professional singers and players have great
  responsibilities for the composer who is utterly dependent on them. A student of music needs as
  long and as arduous a training to become a performer as a medical student needs to become a
  doctor. Most training is concerned with technique, for musicians have to have the muscular
  proficiency of an athlete or a ballet dancer. Singers practice breathing every day, as their vocal
  chords would be inadequate without controlled muscular support. String players practice moving the
  fingers of the left hand up and down, while drawing the bow to and fro with the right arm—two
  entirely different movements.
Singers and instrumentalists have to be able to get every note perfectly in tune. Pianists are
  spared this particular anxiety, for the notes are already there waiting for them, and it is the
  piano tuners responsibility to tune the instrument for them. But they have their own difficulties:
  the hammers that hit the strings have to be coaxed not to sound like percussion and each
  overlapping tone has to sound clear.
This problem of getting clear texture is one that confronts student conductors: they have to learn
  to know every note of the music and how it should sound, and they have to aim at controlling these
  sounds with fanatical but selfless authority.
Technique is of no use unless it is combined with musical knowledge and understanding. Great artists
  are those who are so thoroughly at home in the language of music that they can enjoy performing
  works written in any century.

1. Which of the following best states the main idea of the passage?
A. It is easier to study medicine than music.
B. Painters and composers use totally different methods to reach the public.
C. All musicians must know how to time their own instruments.
D. Musicians must acquire technique and understanding to perform well.
答案：D

2. According to the passage, performers could best meet their obligation to composers by doing which
  of the following?
A. Taking courses in art appreciation.
B. Knowing how the music was intended to be performed.
C. Studying works written at different periods in history.
D. Rearranging musical scores for their particular instrument.
答案：B

3. Why does the author mention athletes and ballet dancers?
A. To contrast the requirements of each field of study.
B. To discourage music students from continuing their studies.
C. To motivate students to work harder to achieve their goals.
D. To show that music students must develop great physical coordination.
答案：D

4. According to the passage, the advantage that pianists have over other instrumentalists is that
  they do NOT ____.
A. tune their own instruments
B. practice as often
C. use their muscles
D. aim for clarity of sound
答案：A

5. What's the passage most likely to discuss in detail in the following paragraphs?
A. How to grasp the technique of performing.
B. How to acquire the understanding of music.
C. How to educate first-class performers.
D. How to write successful compositions.
答案：B

练习三（阅读理解 · 提高版 UNIT 2 LANGUAGE · 原书 p33–34 · 照片不全）

【C】
Demands for stronger protection for wildlife in Britain sometimes hide the fact that similar needs
  are felt in the rest of Europe. Studies by the Council of Europe, of which 21 countries are
  members, have shown that 45 percent of reptile species and 24 percent of butterflies in danger of
  dying out. European concern for wildlife was outlined by Dr. Peter Baum, an expert in the
  environment and nature resources division of the council, when he spoke at a conference arranged
  by the administrators of a British national park. The park is one of the few areas in Europe to
  hold the council's diploma for nature reserves of the highest quality, and Dr. Baum had come to
  present it to the park once again. He was afraid that public opinion was turning against national
  parks, and that those set up in the 1960s and 1970s could not be set up today. But Dr. Baum
  clearly remained a strong supporter of the view that natural environments needed to be allowed to
  survive in peace in their own right.
"No area could be expected to survive both as a true nature reserve and as a tourist attraction," he
  went on. "The short view that reserves had to serve immediate human demand for outdoor recreation
  should be replaced by full acceptance of their importance as places to preserve nature for the
  future."
"We forget that they are the guarantee of life systems on which any built-up area ultimately
  depends." Dr. Baum went on, "We could manage without most industrial products, but we could not
  manage without nature. However, our natural environment areas, which are the original parts of our
  countryside, have shrunk to become mere islands in a spoiled and highly polluted land mass."

1. Recent studies by the Council of Europe show that ____.
A. it is only in Britain that wildlife needs more protection
B. all species of wildlife in Europe are in danger of dying out
C. there are fewer species of reptiles and butterflies in Europe than elsewhere
D. certain species of reptiles and butterflies in Europe need protecting
答案：D

2. Dr. Baum, a representative of the Council, visited one particular British national park because
  ____.
A. he was presenting the park with a diploma for its achievements
B. he was concerned about how the park was being run
C. it was the only national park of its kind in Europe
D. it was the only park which had ever received a diploma from the Council
答案：A

3. Although it is difficult nowadays to convince the public of the importance of nature reserves,
  Dr. Baum felt that ____.
A. people would support moves to create more environment areas
B. people would carry on supporting those national parks in existence
C. existing national parks would need to be more independent to survive
D. certain areas of countryside should be left undisturbed by man
答案：D

4. In Dr. Baum's opinion, a true nature reserve ____.
A. could never survive in a modern age
B. should provide buildings for human activities
C. should be regarded as a place where nature is protected
D. could provide special areas for tourists to enjoy
答案：C

5. It can be inferred from the passage that ____.
A. people all over the world have been aware of wildlife protection
B. most nature reserves set up today are mainly for human recreation
C. laws have been formulated to ban nature reserves
D. we could manage without nature
答案：B

练习四（阅读理解 · 提高版 UNIT 7 RESEARCH · 原书 p146–149）

【A】
[It was the small hours of the morning when we reached London Airport. I had cabled London from
  Amsterdam, and there was a hired car to meet, but there was one more unfortunate happening before
  I reached my flat. In all my travels I have never, but for that once, been required by the British
  customs to open a single bag or to do more than state that I carried no goods liable to duty. It
  was, of course, We fault; the extreme tiredness and nervous tension of the journey had destroyed
  my diplomacy.] I was, for whichever reason, so tired that I could hardly stand, and to the
  question "have you read this?" I replied with extreme foolishness, "Yes, hundreds of times."
"And you have nothing to declare?"
"Nothing."
"How long have you been out of this country?"
"About three months."
"And during that time, you have acquired nothing?"
"Nothing but what is on the list I have given you."
He seemed momentarily at a loss. But then he attacked. The attack, when it came, was utterly
  unexpected.
"Where did you get that watch?"
I could have kicked myself. Two days ago, when playing water games with a friend in the bath, I had
  forgotten to take off my ROLEX OYSTER, and it had, not unnaturally, stopped. I had gone into the
  market and bought it, for twelve shillings and six pence, an ugly time piece that made a strange
  noise. It had stopped twice, without any reason, during the journey.
I explained, but I had already lost face. I produced my own watch from a pocket, and added that I
  should be grateful if he would confiscate the replacement.
"It is not a question of confiscation," he said, "there is a fine for failing to declare dutiable
  goods. And now may I please examine that Rolex?"
It took another quarter of an hour to persuade him that the Rolex was not contraband; then he began
  to search my luggage.

1. When did the writer arrive at London airport?
A. In the early morning.
B. Late at night.
C. At noon.
D. Late in the morning.
答案：A

2. What can we conclude from the questions asked by the customs officer?
A. He was just doing his duty by asking the passenger some usual questions.
B. He must have noticed the writer's ugly watch.
C. He wanted to embarrass the writer.
D. He must have noticed the writer's tiredness.
答案：B

3. What did the writer think of the watch he bought in the market?
A. He was fond of the watch because it was a Rolex.
B. He found the watch useful though it was very cheap.
C. He didn't like the watch at all.
D. He was indifferent to the watch.
答案：C

4. What must have happened to the writer in the end?
A. He must have spent a long time at the customs and must have been let go without any punishment.
B. He must have been given a fine as a punishment.
C. His Rolex must have been confiscated.
D. His cheap watch must have been confiscate.
答案：B

5. What do you think is the tone of the story?
A. Humorous.
B. Sarcastic.
C. Solemn.
D. Matter.
答案：A

6. 把上面用方括号 [ ] 标出的那一段译成中文。
It was the small hours of the morning when we reached London Airport. I had cabled London from
  Amsterdam, and there was a hired car to meet, but there was one more unfortunate happening before
  I reached my flat. In all my travels I have never, but for that once, been required by the British
  customs to open a single bag or to do more than state that I carried no goods liable to duty. It
  was, of course, We fault; the extreme tiredness and nervous tension of the journey had destroyed
  my diplomacy.
参考译文：我们到达伦敦机场时是凌晨时分。我从阿姆斯特丹给伦敦发了电报, 也有人雇了车来接; 但在我回到公寓之前, 又出了一件倒霉事。我走南闯北, 只有那一次被英国海关要求打开哪怕一个包,
  或者多说一句话——平时只要声明自己没有携带应税物品就够了。这当然是我的过错("We fault" 原书如此印刷); 旅途的极度疲惫和神经紧张, 把我的应变得体全毁了。

【B】
Americans are getting ready for the biggest soccer event in the world. For the first time the world
  cup soccer competition will be held in the United States. While millions play the game around the
  world, soccer or football has only recently become popular here. It is only in the last 30 years
  that large numbers of young Americans became interested in soccer. Now it is the fastest growing
  sport in the country. A recent study found that almost 18 million young boys and girls play soccer
  in the United States.
The study also found that soccer is beginning to replace more traditional games like American
  football as the most popular sport among students. And so, when the world cup begins next week
  more than one million Americans are expected to go and see the teams play. Organizers say this
  year's world cup will be the biggest ever. All the seats at most of the 52 games have already been
  sold.
Soccer has been played in the United States for a little more than one hundred years. But how did
  the sport come to this country? And how long has it existed in other parts of the world? No one
  knows exactly where the idea for soccer came from, or when people began playing the game. Some
  scientists say there is evidence that ball games using the feet were played thousands of years
  ago. There is evidence that ancient Greeks and Romans and native American Indians all played games
  similar to soccer.
Most experts agree that Britain is the birthplace of modern soccer. They also agree that the British
  spread the game around the world. Unlike the game today, which uses balls of man-made materials,
  early soccer games used balls of animal stomachs. The rules of early soccer games also differed
  from those we have today.

1. Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the text?
A. Americans were preparing for the world cup when the author wrote this article.
B. More younger Americans became interested in soccer in the last 30 years.
C. Soccer is the fastest developing sport in the world.
D. The article was written before the world cup held in the United States.
答案：C

2. Which was the most popular sport as a traditional game among students?
A. Basketball.
B. American football.
C. Soccer.
D. Tennis.
答案：B

3. For how long has soccer been played in the United States?
A. About a hundred years.
B. About fifty years.
C. Only recently.
D. About thirty years.
答案：A

4. Who invented the modern soccer game?
A. American Indians.
B. British.
C. Greeks.
D. Romans.
答案：B

5. What is the author going to state in the next paragraph?
A. There have been attempts to start a professional soccer organization in the US.
B. In the 12th century soccer games in Britain often involved whole towns.
C. Professional soccer grew quickly in Europe.
D. Experts believed that the United States would win.
答案：B

【C】
Rowena and Billy Wrangler are model high school students. They study hard and do extremely well on
  achievement tests. And next year, Rowena will be attending Harvard University. Billy, her younger
  brother, hopes to go to Cornell. What makes Rowena and Billy different from most students is that
  they don't go to school. In fact, they've never been to school. Since kindergarten, they've
  studied at home. Neither Rowena nor Billy feels as if they've missed out on anything by being
  taught at home. Like many of more than one million people who receive home schooling in the United
  States, they feel as if they've gotten a good education.
The home-schooling trend began in the US in the 1980s with parents keeping their children out of
  public schools so they could provide religious education at home. Today, as the home-schooling
  trend continues to grow, parents are more likely to consider home schooling as an option because
  they believe schools don't do a very good job of teaching and are occasionally dangerous places.
  But can parents really do a better job?
The answer in many cases is yes. In many studies, students taught at home ranked average or above
  average when compared to students who went to public schools. More importantly, these students
  were often more self-directed and have a greater depth of knowledge. "They are very well prepared
  for academic challenges," says Patricia Riordan, the dean of admissions at George Mason
  University.
One such student, Robert Conrad, now a sophomore at university, claims he really learned how to
  study and schedule his time during his eight years of home schooling. Still, not every student is
  as successful as Robert.
["For every home-schooling success story, there are an equal number of failures," states Henry
  Lipscomb, an educational researcher. There are just so many disadvantages that students taught at
  home have to overcome. For example, they have fewer chances to interact with others of their own
  age. Consequently, they sometimes lack the usual social skills. "No matter what, though," states
  Lipscomb, "home-schooling is a growing trend. I think we'll be seeing more and more of this."]

1. Compared with other students, the most different thing Rowena and Billy do is that ____.
A. they study hard
B. they do extremely well on achievement tests
C. they never go to school
D. they feel they have gotten a good education
答案：C

2. At first in the 1980s parents gave home-schooling to children for ____.
A. better education
B. religious education
C. safety
D. all the above
答案：B

3. According to the article, what is NOT the advantage of being educated at home?
A. Home is a safer place for children.
B. Students taught at home are more self-directed.
C. Students taught at home have a greater depth of knowledge.
D. Students taught at home can go to good universities.
答案：D

4. The writer thinks ____.
A. parents can do a better job than school
B. home-schooling will be more and more useful
C. students taught at home make greater achievements
D. home-schooling is good in some aspects
答案：D

5. The best title of this text might be ____.
A. Home-schooling: A Growing Trend
B. Home-schooling: A Better Choice
C. Home-schooling: A Way to Success
D. Home-schooling: A New Method of Education
答案：A

6. 把上面用方括号 [ ] 标出的那一段译成中文。
"For every home-schooling success story, there are an equal number of failures," states Henry
  Lipscomb, an educational researcher. There are just so many disadvantages that students taught at
  home have to overcome. For example, they have fewer chances to interact with others of their own
  age. Consequently, they sometimes lack the usual social skills. "No matter what, though," states
  Lipscomb, "home-schooling is a growing trend. I think we'll be seeing more and more of this."
参考译文：教育研究者亨利·利普斯科姆说: "有多少在家上学成功的故事, 就有同样多的失败故事。" 在家接受教育的学生要克服的劣势实在太多。例如, 他们与同龄人交往的机会更少,
  因此有时缺乏通常的社交能力。不过利普斯科姆也说: "无论如何, 在家上学是一种正在发展的趋势。我想我们会看到越来越多这样的情况。"
